Do you know how much Yamaguchi always pays us?
Two billion dollars.
You know the money
How much can I send money to kill?
If I don't come back
Your Sun family may continue to be at ease
But now I'm back.
Good day for your Sun family
It's over
Otherwise, you still want to compete with our Sun family
I tell you you
They are not even qualified to be our Sun family's opponent
Alive
Since you are so shameless
Then I will let your Mr. Sun
Nature will make you disappear completely
What do you have to do?
What do you think I should do?
Here I come.
You can't go on
You, you can't go to my foreign country
You deserve to die, all of you Sun family deserve to die
Jesus can't save you today, what I said